A Taste of Thai|419 W Hastings Rd|While a few friends prefer Pad Thai at other restaraunts, everyone agrees that the curry is amazing. I personally have liked everything that I have tried here.|4
Panda Express|9522 N Newport Hwy|Great for quick and tasty chinese food. This may not be the most authentic, but it is very enjoyable|4
Jack in the Box|5 W Hawthorne Rd Spokane, WA 99218|It's fast food, and nothing special even for that. Nothing notably bad or good. Took a while to get my food one time and they gave me a free small frys, so that was cool.|3
Taco Bell|9664 N Newport Hwy Spokane, WA 99218|Note: Rating was set to the neutral for testing. Enter characters break the program :(|1
McDondald's|9305 N Newport Hwy Spokane, WA 99218|This location is convenient due to being 24-hours, serving breakfast starting at midnight, and having pretty quick service. That being said, if you visit the restaurant late at night (anytime between 11pm and 3am, give or take) don't expect much from the quality of food. You'd think the quality would be better and fresher at night, but it isn't. Fries are hard and cold. The cheeseburger I got recently tasted different, so I opened it up to find 1 small pickle, no onion,  5 tiny splatters of mustard and 5 tiny dots of ketchup, that looked more like polka dots on the bun than condiments. It was as if the ketchup and mustard containers were getting empty and a tiny bit just splattered the bun, which was dry. Words don't do it justice, so I'll attach a photo (see under restaurant photos). This isn't expensive or high quality food - but a little consistency would be nice.|2
Five Guys Burgers and Fries|9502 N Newport Hwy Spokane, WA 99218|Absolutely great burgers. The 'little' burger is  a single patty that is of a generous portion.  The regular size is a double patty version.  There are plenty of toppings to choose from and your choices are skillfully stacked on your burger.  On my most recent visit they forgot to add the toppings.  One bite in I discovered the error and brought it to their attention.  They apologized profusely and made up a new burger right away, again sincerely apologizing upon delivery.  This is the way you fix errors when you are a business owner.  Well done.|5
Taqueria Fiesta Brava|820 E Francis Spokane, WA 99208|If I lived in Spokane, I would satisfy my Mexican cravings here! As soon as I sat down there were complementary chips and salsa with a water to follow. The menu is small with some daily specials and all you can eat buffet during the week. I tried the carnitas, tongue, pork, steak and chorizo, and fish tacos and they were all delicious. Double corn tortilla tacos with meat of your choice, onions, and cilantro. I'm usually not a fan of tilapia but the fish tacos tasted great with the fried fish, cabbage, and salsa verde. They piled the toppings on each taco making well worth the cost and each served with lime and two different sauces (the same verde and a roasted pepper sauce). Both sauces complimented instead of overpowered. The almost perfect small diced tomatoes in the salsa shows attention to detail in the kitchen.|5
